Allowlist/denylist terminology (#96)
IBM-Cloud/kube-samples: calico-policies/README.md

- private-network-isolation: Provides Calico policies for controlling access to your cluster on the private network from other resources that you might have on the same private network.
- public-network-isolation: Provides Calico policies for controlling access to your cluster on the public network.

> For information about allowlisting or denylisting traffic, blocking traffic to NodePorts, and more, see the [Using Calico network policies to block traffic](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-policy_tutorial#policy_tutorial) tutorial and the [Controlling traffic with network policies](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-network_policies) steps in the IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about allowing or denying traffic from a list of IP addresses, blocking traffic to NodePorts, and more, see the [Using Calico network policies to block traffic](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-policy_tutorial#policy_tutorial) tutorial and the [Controlling traffic with network policies](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-network_policies) steps in the IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service documentation.
```
